Let's go to IntelliJ and see this in action.
So here we have our test folder.
Now I like to verify that the test folder is actually marked
as a test folder via the project structure.
So let's open the project structure,
and notice here the test folder is marked as a test source folder.
While we are in here, let's check the TicketManagement,
that looks right, and UserManagement, that looks correct as well.
So let's click cancel.
So just check in the folder structure, it looks good,
so let's look at our ApplicationCatalogTest.
So we have the testGetApplication method on line 25,
so let's look at what this code is doing.
The first step,
remember I mentioned to you the first step is to prepare the data,
but there is nothing special for us to do here because our
ApplicationCatalogApplicationLoader will load all of our applications for us.
The next step is to execute.
In order to send the GET request,
we use the getForEntity method of the TestRestTemplate that's
already auto wired in our test class; and notice we are
passing in the application ID of 1.
So we call that, and then on line 33 we are getting the StatusCodeValue.
On line 34 we are getting the application returned.
So now let's do our test.
On line 37 we are making sure that the HttpStatus returned is that of OK.
On line 40, we are making sure that the application is NotNull.
On line 42 we are making sure that the application name matches TrackZilla,
and on line 46, we are making sure that we are receiving an OwnerName,
and the name is Jane Doe.
So let's run our unit test.
Now in order to do that,
we have to make sure the ApplicationCatalog microservice is up and running,
so let's start that.
We also need to make sure the UserManagement service is up and running,
so let's go ahead and get that started.
So UserManagement is started successfully and
ApplicationCatalog has started successfully.
So now let's run our test for getting a specific application.
Now we see our test has passed.
So now let's look at the test for the ApplicationRepository.
So in this test,
we actually have three methods we are going to test; creating an application,
we're going to test deleting an application,
and we're going to test updating an application.
So on line 28 we are creating a new application.
On line 31 we are calling the postForEntity method of REST template,
and we're passing in that application.
On line 34 we are getting the response StatusCode,
and on line 35 we are getting the resulting application; and notice,
on line 38 we are making sure the response status is created,
and that the resultApplication is NotNull.
So let's run that test, and so that test passed.
So now, let's look at updating an application.
So here again, we have on line 61 our testUpdateApplication test.
On line 64 we are creating an application object with an ID
equal to the one that we want to update.
We are creating a requestEntity on line 66.
On line 69, notice we are calling the exchange method of the REST template,
which will use the HTTP PUT verb.
On line 72 we are getting the StatusCode.
On line 73 we are getting the resulting application.
On line 76 we are testing to ensure the HttpStatus is OK,
and on line 79 we are verifying that the application name
was updated to New TrackZilla Name.
So let's run this.
Our test case passed.
Now lastly, let's look at deleting.
So here, we are creating the responseEntity,
and again we are using the exchange method of the REST template,
invoking the DELETE verb, and in this case,
on line 54 we are getting the response StatusCode,
and on line 57 we are making sure that HttpStatus is NO_CONTENT,
indicating that the application was deleted. So let's run this test, and our test case passed.